- [Instructor] To kick off our course project,
we're going to generate a server stub
and client SDK
for our H Sports catalog API.
To do that,
we just navigate to the API definition within SwaggerHub,
and then using the Export option,
we're able to export a client SDK,
as well as a server stub
in various languages and frameworks.
Let's first build out our server stub.
We're going to be using the spring framework,
so we just click on spring,
and then SwaggerHub's going to prompt us
for where to save the generated code.
We're going to put this code within
the course_workspace folder of our desktop.
Let's go ahead and name this downloaded artifact
the hsports-catalog-server file,
and we'll go ahead and download that.
Now we can build out our client SDK.
For our client SDK
we're going to be using TypeScript and Angular,
so go ahead and select that option.
We're going to be prompted for another download.
This time,
we're going to go ahead and name this downloaded artifact
hsports-catalog-client.
With the code generated
for our server stub and our client SDK,
we're able to continue with our project.
You'll notice how much time we saved
by not having to code the actual server stub
or client SDK.
This increases our time to delivery
thanks to SwaggerHub's Codegen feature.